you have no idea doing but did you
choose not to know your husband stole
two million dollars for me
[Music]
this is about my life
because it's about my life and now
becomes about yours
so don't happen to like something better
mr. Mulligan your family's been involved
in Harry's life for many years I need
help I don't see what I can do
our husbands aren't coming back
Ron oh my husband left me the plans for
his next job
well honey it is cool to pull it off why
should we trust you anyway because I'm
the only one standing between you and a
bullet in your head
that's what I've learned from men like
your late husband and my father is that
you reap what you sow
let's hope so
[Applause]
[Music]
this is for guns guns from where figure
it out
if this whole thing goes wrong I want my
kids to know that I didn't just sit
there and take it I did something
[Music]
the best thing we have going for is is
being who we are why because no one
thinks we have the balls to pull this
off
[Music]
you